Ms teams minimize permissions (#38852)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftTeams/Integrations/MicrosoftTeams/README.md

All HTTPS traffic that will hit the selected messaging endpoint will be directed to the HTTPS web server the integration spins up, and will then be processed.

## Setup Video

> The information in this video is for Cortex XSOAR 6 but mostly still applies to XSOAR 8, refer to the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section for the latest instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The information in this video is for Cortex XSOAR 6 but mostly still applies to Cortex XSOAR 8. Refer to the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section for the latest instructions.
```

6. Click **Review + Create**, and wait for the validation to pass.
7. Click **create** if the validation has passed, and wait for the deployment to finish.
8. Under Next Steps, click **Go to resource**.
9. Navigate to **Settings -> Configuration** on the left bar, and fill in the **Messaging Endpoint**.

>     - To get the correct messaging endpoint based on the server URL, the server version, and the instance configurations. use the `microsoft-teams-create-messaging-endpoint`command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - To get the correct messaging endpoint based on the server URL, the server version, and the instance configurations, use the `microsoft-teams-create-messaging-endpoint`command.
```

    - `User.Read.All`
    - `GroupMember.Read.All`
    - `Channel.ReadBasic.All`
    - `ChannelMember.ReadWrite.All`
    - `Channel.Create`
    - `Channel.Delete.All`
    - `OnlineMeetings.ReadWrite.All`
    - `Calls.Initiate.All`

    Alternatively, check each relevant command section below for the minimum permissions it requires.

5. Verify that all the needed permissions were added, and click **Grant admin consent**.
6. When prompted to verify granting permissions, click **Yes**, and verify that permissions were successfully added.

#### Authorization Code Flow

Note: The [microsoft-teams-ring-user](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/application-post-calls?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=http) command is only supported when using the `Client Credentials flow` due to a limitation in Microsoft's permissions system.

Executing commands when using an authorization code requires **Delegated Permissions**.
Perform the following steps to add the needed permissions:

1. Go to your Microsoft Azure portal, and from the left navigation pane select **Azure Active Directory > App registrations**.
2. Search for and click **Demisto Bot**.

> 3. Click **API permissions > Add a permission > Microsoft Graph > Delegated permissions**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **API permissions** > **Add a permission** > **Microsoft Graph** > **Delegated permissions**.
```

4. For each permission, search for the permission, select the checkbox, and click **Add permissions**.
   **Delegated permissions required to use all auth code flow supported commands:**

    - `User.Read.All`
    - `GroupMember.Read.All`
    - `Channel.ReadBasic.All`
    - `ChannelMember.ReadWrite.All`
    - `Channel.Create`
    - `Channel.Delete.All`
    - `OnlineMeetings.ReadWrite.All`
    - `Chat.ReadWrite`
    - `AppCatalog.Read.All`
    - `TeamsAppInstallation.ReadWriteSelfForChat`

    Alternatively, check each relevant command section below for the minimum permissions it requires.

5. Verify that all permissions were added, and click **Grant admin consent**.
6. When prompted to verify granting permissions, click **Yes**, and verify that permissions were successfully added.
7. Click **Expose an API** and add **Application ID URI**

> 8. Click **Authentication > Platform configurations > Add a platform.** Choose **Web** and add Redirect URIs: <https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/nativeclient>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Click **Authentication** > **Platform configurations** > **Add a platform**. Choose **Web** and add Redirect URIs: <https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/nativeclient>
```

5. Set the *Long running instance* parameter to 'True'.
6. Save the instance.
7. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.
8. Configure the messaging endpoint if you haven't done so already (Step #9 in the [Bot Creation](#creating-the-demisto-bot-using-microsoft-azure-portal) section).

> 9. [Add the Demisto Bot to a Team](#add-the-demisto-bot-to-a-team)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. [Add the Demisto Bot to a Team](#add-the-demisto-bot-to-a-team).
```

9. [Add the Demisto Bot to a Team](#add-the-demisto-bot-to-a-team)
10. Run the ***!microsoft-teams-generate-login-url*** command in the War Room and follow the instructions.
11. Save the instance.
12. Run the ***!microsoft-teams-auth-test*** command. A 'Success' message should be printed to the War Room.

### Add the Demisto Bot to a Team

**Notes:**

- The following needs to be done after configuring the integration on Cortex XSOAR/Cortex XSIAM (the previous step).
- According to [Microsoft](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/answers/questions/1600179/ms-teams-custom-app-takes-very-long-time-to-show-u) it usually takes up to 3-5 business days for the app to reflect in the "built for your org" section.

1. Download the ZIP file located at the bottom of this article.
2. Uncompress the ZIP file. You should see 3 files (`manifest.json`, `color.png` and `outline.png`).
3. Open the `manifest.json` file that was extracted from the ZIP file.
4. Update the following values to use the *Bot ID* from step 5 of the [Create the Demisto Bot in Microsoft Teams](#creating-the-demisto-bot-using-microsoft-azure-portal) section:

>     1. The `id` field.
>     2. The `BotId` attribute in the `bots` list.
>     3. The `id` attribute in the `webApplicationInfo` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The `id` field.
    - The `BotId` attribute in the `bots` list.
    - The `id` attribute in the `webApplicationInfo` field.
```

5. Compress the 3 files (the modified `manifest.json` file, `color.png` and `outline.png`).
6. Navigate to [Manage Apps in the Microsoft Teams admin center](https://admin.teams.microsoft.com/policies/manage-apps).

> 7. Click the **Actions** button and then the **+ Upload new app** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Click **Actions** and then **+ Upload new app**.
```

> 8. In the pop-up window, click the **Upload** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. In the pop-up window, click **Upload**.
```

9. Browse for the ZIP file you created in step 7, open it, and wait a few seconds until it loads.
10. Search for **Demisto Bot**.

> 11. In the line where `Demisto Bot` shows under **Name**, tick the V on the left.

Reviewer: Not sure what you mean by "tick the V"
Do you mean "click the checkmark"?

Author: Yeah, this is part of the existing documentation, I just moved things around in the doc. It meant to check the checkmark box.

> 12. Click the **Add to team** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Click **Add to team**.
```

13. In the search box, type the name of the team to which you want to add the bot.

> 14. Click the **Add** button on the wanted team and then click the **Apply** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
14. Click **Add** for the wanted team and then click **Apply**.
```

## Migration from Cortex XSOAR 6 to Cortex XSOAR 8 and Cortex XSIAM

### Using Cortex XSOAR or Cortex XSIAM rerouting

1. For Cortex XSOAR 8, set the messaging endpoint in the Azure bot to be `https://ext-<CORTEXT-XSOAR-SERVER-ADDRESSS>/xsoar/instance/execute/<INTEGRATION-INSTANCE-NAME>`, e.g., `https://ext-my.demisto.live/xsoar/instance/execute/teams`.

> 2. For Cortex XSIAM, set the messaging endpoint in the Azure bot to be `https://ext-<CORTEXT-XSIAM-SERVER-ADDRESSS>/xsoar/instance/execute/<INTEGRATION-INSTANCE-NAME>`, and replace the `xdr` in the url to `crtx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. For Cortex XSIAM, set the messaging endpoint in the Azure bot to be `https://ext-<CORTEXT-XSIAM-SERVER-ADDRESSS>/xsoar/instance/execute/<INTEGRATION-INSTANCE-NAME>`, and replace the `xdr` in the URL to `crtx`.
```
